Disallow creating empty-prefix repositories on object stores (#2245)
earth-mover/icechunk: icechunk-python/docs/docs/guides/storage.md

!!! note "Empty prefix and legacy repositories"

    Creating a repository at an empty `prefix` (`None` or `""`) — i.e. at the

>     bucket root — is not supported on object stores in modern Icechunk versions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    bucket root — is not supported on object stores since Icechunk v2.1.0
```

    and raises an error; use a non-empty `prefix`. In-memory and local-filesystem
    storage are unaffected.

    Existing empty-prefix repositories can still be **opened and updated**:
    Icechunk detects their on-disk layout automatically, so no action is
    needed to keep using them.

    When opening, the `legacy_rooted_keys` parameter overrides that detection:

>     - `None` (default) — auto-detect the layout by probing storage. Use this

Reviewer: So presumably (I haven't looked at the implementation yet) in order to probe storage you make two concurrent requests for the two possible keys for the repo_info object.

Author: yes, we probe well-known objects in the v1 and v2 version formats, lazily on first access to the storage.
